DOCPLAN-368: Update NUMA docs for DITA (#112653)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-NUMA-topology-disabling-hotplugs.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/managing_vms/advanced_vm_management/virt-NUMA-topology.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="virt-NUMA-topology-disabling-hotplugs_{context}"]
= Disabling the hot plug capability for VMs

[role="_abstract"]

> _Hot plugging_ is the ability to add resources like memory or CPU dynamically to a VM while it is running. Default {VirtProductName} hot plug multipliers can cause VMs to request an excessive number of sockets. For example, if your VM requests 10 sockets, the default hot plug behavior multiplies this by 4, which means that the total request is 40 sockets. This can exceed the recommended CPUs supported by the Kernel-based Virtual Machine (KVM), which can cause deployment failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Hot plugging_ is the ability to dynamically add resources such as memory or CPU to a VM while it is running. Default {VirtProductName} hot plug multipliers can cause VMs to request an excessive number of sockets. For example, if your VM requests 10 sockets, the default hot plug behavior multiplies this by 4, which means that the total request is 40 sockets. This can exceed the recommended CPUs supported by the Kernel-based Virtual Machine (KVM), which can cause deployment failures.
```
IBM style: do not use to like to mean such as.
